docs: add guidance about `dirhtml` for sitemaps (#399)
canonical/sphinx-docs-starter-pack: docs/how-to/set-up-sitemaps.rst

Sitemap prerequisites
---------------------

The standard Starter Pack uses the ``dirhtml`` builder for Sphinx recipes in the
project's Makefile. If your project uses an older version of the Starter Pack or

> changes the builder, the sitemap will mangle the links. Either update to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
changes the builder, the sitemap will not generate correctly. Either update to the
```

Author: I chose to keep the part about links. [974b07a](https://github.com/canonical/sphinx-docs-starter-pack/pull/399/commits/974b07a4d85914f063a822a1f6a1fa0187bfb6d4)
